Add Bag configuration documentation (#525)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/installation/configurations.rst

.. _configurations:

=======================
Configurations
=======================

> Various configurations can be configured within Open Forms to add data and validation to the forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The various modules and plugins in Open Forms require some configuration before they can be used.
```

> BAG configuration
> -----------------

Reviewer: Please stick to the same type of heading markers as used in the rest of the documentation.

```suggestion
BAG configuration
=================
```

The BAG configuration contains a single service to be configured.
To add a service you need to fill in the following information

> * ``Label``: What you want to call the service.  Eg. ``Bag Service``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Label``: What you want to call the service.  Eg. ``BAG (Kadaster)``
```

> * ``Type``: The type of service this service is.  Currently it is limited to ``ORC (Overige)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Type``: The type of API.  Currently it is limited to ``ORC (Overige)``
```

* ``Api root url``: The root of the url this service will communicate with. An example root url would be https://api.bag.kadaster.nl/lvbag/individuelebevragingen/v2/

* ``Authorization type``: The type of authorization the Api uses.  Will likely be ``API key``

> * ``Header key``: The header key the Api will use to read the Api key.  Will likely be ``X-Api-Key``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Header key``: The HTTP header name to use for the API-key authorization. Will likely be ``X-Api-Key``.
```

* ``Header value``: The Api key.  An Api key can be requested from https://www.kadaster.nl/

> * ``OAS``: A url where the OpenAPI 3 yaml file can be retrieved.  An example file would be https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lvbag/BAG-API/master/Technische%20specificatie/Yaml's/BAG%20API%20Individuele%20Bevragingen/resolved/individuelebevragingen/v2/adressen.yaml

Reviewer: Please also pin the API spec to a git tag or commit rather than the master branch.
